---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netbox_circuit Data Source - terraform-provider-netbox"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves information about a circuit in Netbox. Circuits represent physical or logical network connections provided by external carriers or service providers. You can identify the circuit using id or cid.
---

# netbox_circuit (Data Source)

Retrieves information about a circuit in Netbox. Circuits represent physical or logical network connections provided by external carriers or service providers. You can identify the circuit using `id` or `cid`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "netbox_circuit" "by_cid" {
  cid = "123456789"
}

data "netbox_circuit" "by_id" {
  id = "456"
}

output "by_cid" {
  value = data.netbox_circuit.by_cid.id
}

output "by_id" {
  value = data.netbox_circuit.by_id.cid
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `cid` (String) Name of the circuit. Use to look up by name.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the circuit. Use to look up by ID.

### Read-Only

- `circuit_provider` (String) The circuit provider (carrier or ISP) name.
- `comments` (String) Additional comments or notes about the circuit.
- `commit_rate` (Number) The committed information rate (CIR) in Kbps for this circuit.
- `custom_fields` (Attributes Set) Custom fields assigned to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields))
- `description` (String) Description of the circuit.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the circuit.
- `install_date` (String) The date when the circuit was installed.
- `status` (String) The operational status of the circuit.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags assigned to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `tenant` (String) The tenant that owns this circuit.
- `termination_date` (String) The date when the circuit will be or was terminated.
- `type` (String) The type of circuit.

<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the custom field.
- `type` (String) Type of the custom field.
- `value` (String) Value of the custom field.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the tag.
- `slug` (String) Slug of the tag.
