---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netbox_custom_field Data Source - terraform-provider-netbox"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves information about a custom field in NetBox.
---

# netbox_custom_field (Data Source)

Retrieves information about a custom field in NetBox.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "netbox_custom_field" "test" {
  name = "test_field"
}

output "example" {
  value = data.netbox_custom_field.test.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The unique numeric ID of the custom field. Use this to look up by ID.
- `name` (String) The internal name of the custom field. Use this to look up by name.

### Read-Only

- `choice_set` (String) The choice set name for select and multiselect custom fields.
- `comments` (String) Comments or notes about the custom field.
- `data_type` (String) The data type of the custom field.
- `default` (String) Default value for the field (JSON string).
- `description` (String) A description of the custom field.
- `filter_logic` (String) Filter logic for the custom field.
- `group_name` (String) Custom fields within the same group will be displayed together.
- `is_cloneable` (Boolean) Replicate this value when cloning objects.
- `label` (String) Name of the field as displayed to users.
- `object_types` (Set of String) The object types this custom field applies to.
- `related_object_type` (String) The related object type for object and multiobject custom fields.
- `required` (Boolean) If true, this field is required when creating new objects or editing an existing object.
- `search_weight` (Number) Weighting for search.
- `type` (String) The type of custom field.
- `ui_editable` (String) UI editability setting.
- `ui_visible` (String) UI visibility setting.
- `validation_maximum` (Number) Maximum allowed value (for numeric fields).
- `validation_minimum` (Number) Minimum allowed value (for numeric fields).
- `validation_regex` (String) Regular expression to enforce on text field values.
- `weight` (Number) Fields with higher weights appear lower in a form.
