---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netbox_event_rule Data Source - terraform-provider-netbox"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to get information about an event rule in NetBox.
---

# netbox_event_rule (Data Source)

Use this data source to get information about an event rule in NetBox.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Look up an existing event rule by ID
data "netbox_event_rule" "device_changes" {
  id = "1"
}

# Use the event rule data
output "event_rule_name" {
  value = data.netbox_event_rule.device_changes.name
}

output "event_rule_object_types" {
  value = data.netbox_event_rule.device_changes.object_types
}

output "event_rule_enabled" {
  value = data.netbox_event_rule.device_changes.enabled
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique numeric ID of the event rule to look up.

### Read-Only

- `action_object` (String) The name of the action object.
- `action_object_id` (String) The ID of the action object.
- `action_object_type` (String) The content type of the action object.
- `action_type` (String) The type of action to execute (webhook, script, notification).
- `conditions` (String) A JSON object defining conditions which determine whether the event will be generated.
- `created` (String) The timestamp of when the event rule was created.
- `custom_fields` (Attributes Set) Custom fields assigned to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields))
- `description` (String) A description of the event rule.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the event rule.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the event rule is enabled.
- `event_types` (Set of String) The types of events which will trigger this rule.
- `last_updated` (String) The timestamp of when the event rule was last updated.
- `name` (String) The name of the event rule.
- `object_types` (Set of String) The object types that this event rule applies to.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags assigned to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the custom field.
- `type` (String) Type of the custom field.
- `value` (String) Value of the custom field.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the tag.
- `slug` (String) Slug of the tag.
