---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netbox_location Data Source - terraform-provider-netbox"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to get information about a location in Netbox. Locations represent physical areas within a site, such as buildings, floors, or rooms. Locations can be nested hierarchically to model complex site layouts. You can identify the location using id, slug, or name.
---

# netbox_location (Data Source)

Use this data source to get information about a location in Netbox. Locations represent physical areas within a site, such as buildings, floors, or rooms. Locations can be nested hierarchically to model complex site layouts. You can identify the location using `id`, `slug`, or `name`.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the location. Use to look up by ID.
- `name` (String) Name of the location. Use to look up by name.
- `slug` (String) URL-friendly identifier for the location. Use to look up by slug.

### Read-Only

- `custom_fields` (Attributes Set) Custom fields assigned to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields))
- `description` (String) Detailed description of the location.
- `facility` (String) Local facility identifier or description.
- `parent` (String) Name of the parent location.
- `parent_id` (String) ID of the parent location.
- `site` (String) Name of the site where this location resides.
- `site_id` (String) ID of the site where this location resides.
- `status` (String) Operational status of the location (e.g., `planned`, `staging`, `active`, `decommissioning`, `retired`).
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags assigned to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `tenant` (String) Name of the tenant that owns this location.
- `tenant_id` (String) ID of the tenant that owns this location.

<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the custom field.
- `type` (String) Type of the custom field.
- `value` (String) Value of the custom field.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the tag.
- `slug` (String) Slug of the tag.
