---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netbox_power_feed Data Source - terraform-provider-netbox"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves information about a power feed in NetBox.
---

# netbox_power_feed (Data Source)

Retrieves information about a power feed in NetBox.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "netbox_power_feed" "test" {
  name = "test-power-feed"
}

output "example" {
  value = data.netbox_power_feed.test.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The unique numeric ID of the power feed. Use this to look up by ID.
- `name` (String) The name of the power feed. Use with power_panel for lookup.
- `power_panel` (String) The power panel this feed originates from (ID).

### Read-Only

- `amperage` (Number) Amperage in amps.
- `comments` (String) Additional comments.
- `custom_fields` (Attributes Set) Custom fields assigned to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields))
- `description` (String) A description of the power feed.
- `mark_connected` (Boolean) Whether the power feed is treated as connected.
- `max_utilization` (Number) Maximum utilization percentage.
- `phase` (String) Phase type.
- `rack` (String) The rack this feed connects to (ID).
- `status` (String) Status of the power feed.
- `supply` (String) Supply type.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags assigned to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `tenant` (String) The tenant this power feed belongs to (ID).
- `type` (String) Type of the power feed.
- `voltage` (Number) Voltage in volts.

<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the custom field.
- `type` (String) Type of the custom field.
- `value` (String) Value of the custom field.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the tag.
- `slug` (String) Slug of the tag.
