---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netbox_rack_type Data Source - terraform-provider-netbox"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieves information about a rack type in NetBox.
---

# netbox_rack_type (Data Source)

Retrieves information about a rack type in NetBox.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Lookup by ID
data "netbox_rack_type" "by_id" {
  id = "123"
}

output "by_id" {
  value = data.netbox_rack_type.by_id.model
}

# Lookup by slug
data "netbox_rack_type" "by_slug" {
  slug = "42u-2post-frame"
}

output "by_slug" {
  value = data.netbox_rack_type.by_slug.u_height
}

# Lookup by model name
data "netbox_rack_type" "by_model" {
  model = "FS-42"
}

output "by_model" {
  value = data.netbox_rack_type.by_model.manufacturer
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The unique numeric ID of the rack type. Use this to look up by ID.
- `manufacturer` (String) The manufacturer of this rack type.
- `model` (String) The model name of the rack type. Use this with manufacturer to look up by model.
- `slug` (String) URL-friendly identifier for the rack type.

### Read-Only

- `comments` (String) Additional comments or notes about this rack type.
- `custom_fields` (Attributes Set) Custom fields assigned to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields))
- `desc_units` (Boolean) Whether units are numbered top-to-bottom (descending).
- `description` (String) A description of the rack type.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the rack type.
- `form_factor` (String) Form factor of the rack type.
- `max_weight` (Number) Maximum load capacity for the rack.
- `mounting_depth` (Number) Maximum depth of a mounted device, in millimeters.
- `outer_depth` (Number) Outer dimension of rack (depth).
- `outer_unit` (String) Unit for outer dimensions (mm or in).
- `outer_width` (Number) Outer dimension of rack (width).
- `starting_unit` (Number) Starting unit number for the rack.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags assigned to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `u_height` (Number) Height in rack units (U).
- `weight` (Number) Weight of the rack.
- `weight_unit` (String) Unit for weight.
- `width` (Number) Rail-to-rail width in inches.

<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the custom field.
- `type` (String) Type of the custom field.
- `value` (String) Value of the custom field.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the tag.
- `slug` (String) Slug of the tag.
