---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netbox_site Data Source - terraform-provider-netbox"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to get information about a site in Netbox. Sites represent physical locations such as data centers, offices, or other facilities where network infrastructure is deployed. You can identify the site using id, slug, or name.
---

# netbox_site (Data Source)

Use this data source to get information about a site in Netbox. Sites represent physical locations such as data centers, offices, or other facilities where network infrastructure is deployed. You can identify the site using `id`, `slug`, or `name`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Look up site by ID
data "netbox_site" "by_id" {
  id = "1"
}

# Look up site by slug
data "netbox_site" "by_slug" {
  slug = "dc-east"
}

# Look up site by name
data "netbox_site" "by_name" {
  name = "Data Center East"
}

output "site_status" {
  value = data.netbox_site.by_id.status
}

output "site_region" {
  value = data.netbox_site.by_slug.region
}

output "site_description" {
  value = data.netbox_site.by_name.description
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the site. Use to look up by ID.
- `name` (String) Name of the site. Use to look up by name.
- `slug` (String) URL-friendly identifier for the site. Use to look up by slug.

### Read-Only

- `comments` (String) Additional comments or notes about the site.
- `custom_fields` (Attributes Set) Custom fields assigned to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields))
- `description` (String) Detailed description of the site.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the site.
- `facility` (String) Local facility identifier or description.
- `group` (String) Name of the site group.
- `group_id` (String) ID of the site group.
- `region` (String) Name of the region where this site is located.
- `region_id` (String) ID of the region where this site is located.
- `status` (String) Operational status of the site (e.g., `planned`, `staging`, `active`, `decommissioning`, `retired`).
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags assigned to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `tenant` (String) Name of the tenant that owns this site.
- `tenant_id` (String) ID of the tenant that owns this site.

<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the custom field.
- `type` (String) Type of the custom field.
- `value` (String) Value of the custom field.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the tag.
- `slug` (String) Slug of the tag.
