---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netbox_tunnel Data Source - terraform-provider-netbox"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to get information about a VPN tunnel in Netbox. Tunnels represent secure connections between network endpoints. You can identify the tunnel using id or name.
---

# netbox_tunnel (Data Source)

Use this data source to get information about a VPN tunnel in Netbox. Tunnels represent secure connections between network endpoints. You can identify the tunnel using `id` or `name`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Look up tunnel by ID
data "netbox_tunnel" "by_id" {
  id = "1"
}

# Look up tunnel by name
data "netbox_tunnel" "by_name" {
  name = "example-tunnel"
}

output "tunnel_by_id" {
  value = data.netbox_tunnel.by_id.status
}

output "tunnel_by_name" {
  value = data.netbox_tunnel.by_name.encapsulation
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the tunnel. Use to look up by ID.
- `name` (String) Name of the tunnel. Use to look up by name.

### Read-Only

- `comments` (String) Additional comments about the tunnel.
- `custom_fields` (Attributes Set) Custom fields assigned to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields))
- `description` (String) Detailed description of the tunnel.
- `display_name` (String) Display name of the tunnel.
- `encapsulation` (String) Encapsulation protocol for the tunnel.
- `group` (String) Name of the tunnel group.
- `group_id` (String) ID of the tunnel group.
- `ipsec_profile` (String) Name of the IPSec profile.
- `ipsec_profile_id` (String) ID of the IPSec profile.
- `status` (String) Operational status of the tunnel (planned, active, disabled).
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags assigned to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `tenant` (String) Name of the tenant.
- `tenant_id` (String) ID of the tenant.
- `tunnel_id` (Number) Tunnel identifier (numeric ID used by the tunnel protocol).

<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the custom field.
- `type` (String) Type of the custom field.
- `value` (String) Value of the custom field.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the tag.
- `slug` (String) Slug of the tag.
