---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netbox_virtual_machine Data Source - terraform-provider-netbox"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to get information about a virtual machine in Netbox. Virtual machines represent virtualized compute instances. You can identify the virtual machine using id or name.
---

# netbox_virtual_machine (Data Source)

Use this data source to get information about a virtual machine in Netbox. Virtual machines represent virtualized compute instances. You can identify the virtual machine using `id` or `name`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "netbox_virtual_machine" "test" {
  name = "test-vm"
}

output "example" {
  value = data.netbox_virtual_machine.test.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the virtual machine. Use to look up by ID.
- `name` (String) Name of the virtual machine. Use to look up by name.

### Read-Only

- `cluster` (String) The cluster this virtual machine belongs to.
- `comments` (String) Additional comments or notes about the virtual machine.
- `custom_fields` (Attributes Set) Custom fields assigned to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields))
- `description` (String) Detailed description of the virtual machine.
- `disk` (Number) The total disk space (in GB) allocated to this virtual machine.
- `memory` (Number) The amount of memory (in MB) allocated to this virtual machine.
- `platform` (String) The platform (operating system) running on this virtual machine.
- `role` (String) The device role for this virtual machine.
- `site` (String) The site where this virtual machine is located.
- `status` (String) The status of the virtual machine (offline, active, planned, staged, failed, decommissioning).
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags assigned to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `tenant` (String) The tenant this virtual machine is assigned to.
- `vcpus` (Number) The number of virtual CPUs allocated to this virtual machine.

<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the custom field.
- `type` (String) Type of the custom field.
- `value` (String) Value of the custom field.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the tag.
- `slug` (String) Slug of the tag.
