---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netbox_virtual_device_context Data Source - terraform-provider-netbox"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to get information about a virtual device context in NetBox.
---

# netbox_virtual_device_context (Data Source)

Use this data source to get information about a virtual device context in NetBox.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "netbox_virtual_device_context" "test" {
  name      = "test-vdc"
  device_id = 123
}

output "example" {
  value = data.netbox_virtual_device_context.test.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique numeric ID of the virtual device context.

### Read-Only

- `comments` (String) Additional comments about the VDC.
- `custom_fields` (Attributes Set) Custom fields assigned to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields))
- `description` (String) A description of the virtual device context.
- `device` (String) The name of the device this VDC belongs to.
- `device_id` (String) The ID of the device this VDC belongs to.
- `identifier` (Number) Numeric identifier unique to the parent device.
- `name` (String) The name of the virtual device context.
- `primary_ip4` (String) Primary IPv4 address assigned to this VDC.
- `primary_ip6` (String) Primary IPv6 address assigned to this VDC.
- `status` (String) Operational status of the VDC.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags assigned to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `tenant` (String) The name of the tenant associated with this VDC.
- `tenant_id` (String) The ID of the tenant associated with this VDC.

<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the custom field.
- `type` (String) Type of the custom field.
- `value` (String) Value of the custom field.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the tag.
- `slug` (String) Slug of the tag.
