---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netbox_vm_interface Data Source - terraform-provider-netbox"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Use this data source to get information about a virtual machine interface in Netbox. You can identify the interface using id, or by specifying both name and virtual_machine.
---

# netbox_vm_interface (Data Source)

Use this data source to get information about a virtual machine interface in Netbox. You can identify the interface using `id`, or by specifying both `name` and `virtual_machine`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "netbox_vm_interface" "test" {
  name               = "eth0"
  virtual_machine_id = 123
}

output "example" {
  value = data.netbox_vm_interface.test.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the VM interface. Use to look up by ID.
- `name` (String) The name of the interface. Required when looking up by name (along with virtual_machine).
- `virtual_machine` (String) The name of the virtual machine. Required when looking up by name.

### Read-Only

- `custom_fields` (Attributes Set) Custom fields assigned to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields))
- `description` (String) Detailed description of the VM interface.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the interface is enabled.
- `mac_address` (String) The MAC address of the interface.
- `mode` (String) The 802.1Q mode of the interface (access, tagged, tagged-all).
- `mtu` (Number) The Maximum Transmission Unit (MTU) size for the interface.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags assigned to this resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `untagged_vlan` (String) The untagged VLAN assigned to this interface.
- `vrf` (String) The VRF assigned to this interface.

<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the custom field.
- `type` (String) Type of the custom field.
- `value` (String) Value of the custom field.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the tag.
- `slug` (String) Slug of the tag.
