---
page_title: "netbox_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-netbox"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a virtualization cluster in Netbox. Clusters represent a pool of physical resources (such as compute, storage, and networking) that can be used to run virtual machines.
---

# netbox_cluster (Resource)

Manages a virtualization cluster in Netbox. Clusters represent a pool of physical resources (such as compute, storage, and networking) that can be used to run virtual machines.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "netbox_cluster_type" "test" {
  name = "Test Cluster Type"
  slug = "test-cluster-type"
}

resource "netbox_cluster" "test" {
  name = "Test Cluster"
  type = netbox_cluster_type.test.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the cluster.
- `type` (String) The name or ID of the cluster type (e.g., 'VMware vSphere', 'Proxmox').

### Optional

- `comments` (String) Additional comments or notes about the cluster.
- `custom_fields` (Attributes Set) Custom fields assigned to this resource. Custom fields must be defined in Netbox before use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields))
- `description` (String) Description of the cluster.
- `group` (String) The name or ID of the cluster group this cluster belongs to.
- `site` (String) The name or ID of the site where this cluster is located.
- `status` (String) The status of the cluster. Valid values are: `planned`, `staging`, `active`, `decommissioning`, `offline`. Defaults to `active`.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags assigned to this resource. Tags must already exist in Netbox. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `tenant` (String) The name or ID of the tenant this cluster is assigned to.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique numeric ID of the cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the custom field.
- `type` (String) Type of the custom field (text, longtext, integer, boolean, date, url, json, select, multiselect, object, multiobject).
- `value` (String) Value of the custom field.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the existing tag.
- `slug` (String) Slug of the existing tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Clusters can be imported by ID
terraform import netbox_cluster.test 123
```
