---
page_title: "netbox_module_bay_template Resource - terraform-provider-netbox"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a module bay template in NetBox. Module bay templates define module bay configurations for device types or module types.
---

# netbox_module_bay_template (Resource)

Manages a module bay template in NetBox. Module bay templates define module bay configurations for device types or module types.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "netbox_manufacturer" "test" {
  name = "Test Manufacturer"
  slug = "test-manufacturer"
}

resource "netbox_device_type" "test" {
  model        = "Test Model"
  slug         = "test-model"
  manufacturer = netbox_manufacturer.test.name
  u_height     = 1
}

resource "netbox_module_bay_template" "test" {
  name        = "Module Bay Template"
  device_type = netbox_device_type.test.model
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the module bay template. {module} is accepted as a substitution for the module bay position when attached to a module type.

### Optional

- `custom_fields` (Attributes Set) Custom fields assigned to this resource. Custom fields must be defined in Netbox before use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields))
- `description` (String) Description of the module bay template.
- `device_type` (String) The device type this module bay template belongs to (ID or model name). Either device_type or module_type is required.
- `label` (String) Physical label of the module bay template.
- `module_type` (String) The module type this module bay template belongs to (ID or model name). Either device_type or module_type is required.
- `position` (String) Identifier to reference when renaming installed components.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags assigned to this resource. Tags must already exist in Netbox. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique numeric ID of the module bay template.

<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the custom field.
- `type` (String) Type of the custom field (text, longtext, integer, boolean, date, url, json, select, multiselect, object, multiobject).
- `value` (String) Value of the custom field.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the existing tag.
- `slug` (String) Slug of the existing tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Module Bay Templates can be imported by ID
terraform import netbox_module_bay_template.test 123
```
