---
page_title: "netbox_provider_network Resource - terraform-provider-netbox"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a provider network in NetBox. Provider networks represent the network infrastructure of circuit providers.
---

# netbox_provider_network (Resource)

Manages a provider network in NetBox. Provider networks represent the network infrastructure of circuit providers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "netbox_provider" "test" {
  name = "Test Provider"
  slug = "test-provider"
}

resource "netbox_provider_network" "test" {
  name             = "Test Provider Network"
  circuit_provider = netbox_provider.test.name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `circuit_provider` (String) The circuit provider that owns this network. Can be specified by name, slug, or ID.
- `name` (String) The name of the provider network.

### Optional

- `comments` (String) Additional comments or notes about the provider network. Supports Markdown formatting.
- `custom_fields` (Attributes Set) Custom fields assigned to this resource. Custom fields must be defined in Netbox before use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields))
- `description` (String) Description of the provider network.
- `service_id` (String) A unique identifier for this network provided by the circuit provider.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags assigned to this resource. Tags must already exist in Netbox. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique numeric ID of the provider network.

<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the custom field.
- `type` (String) Type of the custom field (text, longtext, integer, boolean, date, url, json, select, multiselect, object, multiobject).
- `value` (String) Value of the custom field.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the existing tag.
- `slug` (String) Slug of the existing tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Provider Networks can be imported by ID
terraform import netbox_provider_network.test 123
```
