---
page_title: "netbox_virtual_machine Resource - terraform-provider-netbox"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a virtual machine in Netbox. Virtual machines represent virtualized compute instances that run on clusters or hypervisors.
---

# netbox_virtual_machine (Resource)

Manages a virtual machine in Netbox. Virtual machines represent virtualized compute instances that run on clusters or hypervisors.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "netbox_cluster_type" "test" {
  name = "Test Cluster Type"
  slug = "test-cluster-type"
}

resource "netbox_cluster" "test" {
  name = "Test Cluster"
  type = netbox_cluster_type.test.id
}

resource "netbox_virtual_machine" "test" {
  name    = "test-vm-1"
  cluster = netbox_cluster.test.name
  vcpus   = 2
  memory  = 4096
  disk    = 50
  status  = "active"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the virtual machine.

### Optional

- `cluster` (String) The name or ID of the cluster this virtual machine belongs to.
- `comments` (String) Additional comments or notes about the virtual machine.
- `custom_fields` (Attributes Set) Custom fields assigned to this resource. Custom fields must be defined in Netbox before use. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_fields))
- `description` (String) Description of the virtual machine.
- `disk` (Number) The total disk space (in GB) allocated to this virtual machine.
- `memory` (Number) The amount of memory (in MB) allocated to this virtual machine.
- `platform` (String) The name or ID of the platform (operating system) running on this virtual machine.
- `role` (String) The name or ID of the device role for this virtual machine.
- `site` (String) The name or ID of the site where this virtual machine is located.
- `status` (String) The status of the virtual machine. Valid values are: `offline`, `active`, `planned`, `staged`, `failed`, `decommissioning`. Defaults to `active`.
- `tags` (Attributes Set) Tags assigned to this resource. Tags must already exist in Netbox. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tags))
- `tenant` (String) The name or ID of the tenant this virtual machine is assigned to.
- `vcpus` (Number) The number of virtual CPUs allocated to this virtual machine.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique numeric ID of the virtual machine.

<a id="nestedatt--custom_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_fields`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the custom field.
- `type` (String) Type of the custom field (text, longtext, integer, boolean, date, url, json, select, multiselect, object, multiobject).
- `value` (String) Value of the custom field.


<a id="nestedatt--tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tags`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the existing tag.
- `slug` (String) Slug of the existing tag.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Virtual Machines can be imported by ID
terraform import netbox_virtual_machine.test 123
```
